we continue to knit rug with us on
currently 5 rows tied
let's start knitting 6 rows look at
description we knit connective
column in the second column without nakida
previous row and connecting
column under the arch of 3 air loops
hello and previous row
continue to knit 4 air
lifting loops these 4 loops we replace
tremble replaced double crochet and 1
air loop in the description are present
in a pattern
we tied four air loops
knit in the same arch column with
nakidom
single crochet air loop 1
double crochet
on the first arch tied 4 columns with
double crochet between them 1 air loop
1 double crochet we replaced with three
air loops
further we arch the next arch
double crochet 1 air loop
column snook you today larku 1
double crochet
knit in the second arch 4 columns with
double crochet between them 1 air loop
so in each arch we knit further
we enter the next arch hook and knit
column with an air loop sc
column with sc Air
double crochet air loop and
double crochet
our next arch also moves on
crochet the crochet stitch and
column loop column column knit up
end of the series in each arch knit
double crochet air loop
double crochet
double stitches and stitches
to end of row
each arch we repeat the same
items knitting a stall of the previous
a number of the column with the loop of the sc
double crochet
double crochet 1 loop
further all soul arch
so start knitting rug video
there will still be quite a lot for each
row
please write in the comments
can knit more slowly
as far as you understand knitting
each items please comment
write I'll be glad to get feedback from you and
I will try to accommodate your wishes
Thanks to this video I hope
teach all a lot of people to tie such
wonderful volume beautiful rug
yourself home or have a gift to your loved ones and so
we are in every arch of the previous row
crocheted a cape column air
double crochet loop with
double crochet and double crochet
so in each arch previous version
Here we have until the end of the series is repeated in
each arch of the previous row is the same
column element with a loop nakida
double crochet
double crochet loop
and double crochet
continue the same double crochet
air loop and all in one arch is the same
double crochet air loop
double crochet into the next arch
come and knit crochet
double crochet
column loop with sc aerial loop
we have the last arch of the previous row we
knit a crochet
double crochet loop
column and a column with sc sc with and
connecting stub and finish
row
wound up with a bar in the hook
third loop of our 4 air loops and
started
the beginning of the row we enter the hook 3 at 1 2 3
captured workers no loop on the hook
knit
you and I tied 6 row rug
great on us already significantly
please increased in the comments
unsubscribe as clear as
it is clear to you how to cut it
I will try to accommodate your wishes
other videos about other explanations
knitting rug rows are gorgeous